All right, here's my full process for
scaling Facebook ad clients in 2026 and
how we basically acquire and get client
results. So, first off, all my clients
pretty much come from YouTube and where
I make videos like this. And basically,
they watch this video right here or one
of our videos, they go to my landing
page here, they book a call with my
sales rep who basically just qualifies
them
based off our perfect client traits. And
basically here, this is just like things
that we've collectively put together
over the years of like, "Hey, these
people get the best results with us
versus anyone who doesn't fit this
doesn't get great results." So, you
know, if they're on Shopify, they're
doing at least 100k a month in revenue,
they're actively spending at at least
30k a month on Facebook ads, positive
business P&L. Basically, we want them to
have a solid foundation for us to come
into their business and scale them up.
We're not trying to go into a business
and save a business. People we have to
save a business for just don't work out
well cuz they don't have the patience to
actually keep investing into us to like
get them the result. And if it's like,
"Hey, your business has been on a
decline the last 8 months, us just
hopping in and saving it within 30 days
is very unrealistic. Sometimes it takes
60 to 90 days and that's even if we can
do it." So, we much prefer to work with
clients that already are positive, they
already have a solid foundation, and now
it's like, "Hey, we're doing 100k a
month, we're spending about $30,000 a
month on ads, and now it's like, how do
we go up to a million dollars a month
and actually scale?" That's our whole
focus on um a lot of these clients
there. And then from there, essentially
what they'll do is they'll book a
strategy call with me if they hit all
those perfect client traits. So, here's
two different strategy calls we recently
had and basically um this is a call that
I do. And it's like, "Hey, you had a
call with my sales rep, my sales rep
made sure that you were like in a good
fit for us. Now, I hop on a strategy
call." And the strategy call is um not a
sales call or anything like that. It's
it's more of a free-flowing call that I
can have with that person and just go
through their ad account, go through
their creatives, and like
it it it's part of it is for me to start
gathering ideas and generating ideas in
my head of like what we would do in this
particular situation. And the other part
of it is for me to also like learn more
about this particular brain right there.
So, that call will be in hour. We'll do
like the intro, which is just like, "Yo,
what's going on? How are you today?"
Like a quick 30-second what's up? And
then now let's move forward. Here, we go
into the product and brain info. Tell me
a little bit about the product you're
selling. Tell me about who you're trying
to go after. Tell me about what's the
target CPA. Tell me about how much
you're spending a month on Facebook ads.
Um again, I know they already did that
in the first call, but just again for me
to know cuz this is my first time
actually seeing that brain and stuff.
After I kind of fully understand who
they're trying to go after, their target
avatar, all of those things, then I
start the ad account audit. And a big
part of that ad account audit is, "Hey,
this is the person you say you're trying
to go after, and this is what your
creatives or are going in saying and
doing, and and that's not in line with
who you're trying to go after. So, like
that's obviously going to be a problem.
Here's kind of how like some different
approaches I would do to it." And then,
this is where I'm as like as we're going
through the ad account audit, I'm
pitching ideas and stuff, but I'll do
like a little recap here. Like, "Hey,
basically after we went through
everything, the creatives, the ad
account, and stuff, I have no ideas to
help you. Like, you're just not going to
be a good fit." Or, "Hey, after going
through the whole ad account, here's
like a bunch of ideas that I have that
I'm pretty confident would help you in
your particular situation." And again,
this is just based off me like running
Facebook ads last 10 years. Um every
account's kind of unique when we're
running ads, but for the most part, it
involves around creatives and landing
pages. Um that's going to be like the
two main things we focus on. Um a lot of
you guys are studs, and you know, they
you watch my videos, and you watch how
simple I keep the ad account set up. So,
I don't really have to really focus much
on like, "Oh, we have to like launch,
you know, consolidate the ad account or
anything." Usually, it's already pretty
well consolidated on that side. It's
just more of like, "Hey, you're testing
creatives, but here's why your creatives
are really bad. Here's all the mistakes
you're making in your creatives. So,
here's how we can do that better." And
then, we'll do a short little Q&A. Like,
"Hey Nick, how long does it take to get
results? Hey Nick, is it like you or me
or you know, yada yada. Just various
different questions people typically
have before like, hey, you know, we're
ready to move forward essentially. Then
we'll take payment, sign the contract,
all of those good things, and then we'll
move forward. And then we obviously have
our um onboarding instructions here,
which is pretty much just like um
setting up our Slack communication,
messaging me on Slack when they're done.
And this is This is basically what the
uh client will receive after they pay.
Um access to the ad account, uh Shopify
domains so we can access their Shopify
collab code, Triple Whale invitation. I
want a Google Drive link with all
content they have on file. Uh we create
all new content for our clients, but for
that first round of ads we always like
to just pull some stuff they already
have on file. So that way we can get ads
up live pretty quickly. What are the
current KPIs you're using, best-selling
products, main products to focus on,
angles that work best for your products,
landing pages, surveys of all existing
customers um that I want them to run.
And like some of these things we already
got on the the call, the strategy call,
but again I just want them to say it
again because the call made it aware in
their head of like, oh [__] this is
like things that Nick takes into
consideration. So I just want them to
again just restate that, so they have
that as an official documented document
they sent me over. So that way if down
the line, for example, they say, "Hey,
um
you know, we need this particular KPI.
We're not getting that." I'd be like,
"Well, hey, in the beginning stages you
said you needed this KPI and you never
updated us since that call of what's the
new KPI you need." So basically they'll
go through that whole document there. Um
and then my operations person, Mark,
will go ahead and create the Slack
channel um with, you know, my team and
the client. We basically have our whole
uh team that basically falls in there.
Um and then he uh from there me and the
um creative strategists essentially
start, you know, diving into the first
round of ads. Now, what I like to do
before I hand um even give anything over
to the um the creative strategists is
I'll pull in uh the strategy call
transcript. I'll pull in all of their
winning ads and losing ads. And key
thing there, winning ads and losing ads.
Um so, this is the winning ads, this is
the losing ads. And then I'll pull in uh
this bunch of screenshots of like all
the ad account data here. Uh
specifically more focused on the um age
and gender of who we're going after. So,
that way it just additional context for
Claude. Um and then I'll also even do
like my own like research. I I don't
have that document right here, but it'll
basically just be like you know, my
research to as well, like additional
things I want to put in there. Uh and
I'll basically give all of this to
Claude, and Claude will basically give
me a few different things. So, um this
is the ICP it gave me based off all of
that data. And this will be subject to
change. It's just again something in the
beginning that we can use. This is just
like a couple of the ideas, and you'll
even see like highest priority next
number one idea on the call. So, it
takes that all the ideas from my
strategy call, and we start putting
those into concepts. So, these will be
like the ad ideas we do in the
beginning. And then lastly here, um
lastly here, this is just more of like
the the research side um that I do. It's
terrible research right there, but just
different things I look at, product
research, competitor research, different
niches research, customer surveys, and
Reddit threads.
Um and I put all of that um information
into Claude as well, in that research
document right there. So, I have Claude
all of this data. Um this is all things
that I do uh before I go ahead and make
our strategy document, which is right
here. And this basically has um all the
information. I don't have a screenshot
of it, but it has all the information.
Um and then basically I hand this
marketing doc over to my creative
strategist. Now, my creative strategist,
I have the strategy put in place. Now,
my creative strategist can actually go
and start executing on that. This is
where we go into the creative creation
process. Here, we have our Google Sheet
where we have like a bunch of rows with
all of these different batches. Um each
batch idea
um, right here. So, this is like one
batch idea right here. Um, this is we do
five of these a week with three
creatives per idea and I'll show you
guys how we do that in a second. So, we
log those into the Google Sheet. Then we
go into our um, Google Doc here and
you'll see ads and you'll see like 143,
146, 149. All of these are different
ideas. Um, here we just go into this is
142 here. You can see the idea, the
hypothesis, uh, the copy, basically what
we want the creative to say, the visual
hook variations, all of those things.
So, basically we plan out that whole
creative that my uh, creative strategist
does. And then we go into uh, what I
would say Asana and then inside of Asana
they basically have the different to-do
tasks where my creative strategist
starts to assign those to my creative
team. Now, here we can see here we
assigned it to Shar who's one of my
video editors, um, the due date and then
basically the document here. Now, from
here, um, we may assign it to our visual
creator which is like Shar for example.
This is person just really good with
like skilled and like editing in AI
videos and visuals and stuff or we may
assign that to my creator manager. It
just depends on if we need to hire
creator or not. Um, we've been doing so
much content lately with AI now that a
lot of our video editors can just make
the whole creative in AI. So, it just
depends on what looks better and what's
capable uh, from my designers. And then
from there we uh, will use InSync if we
need to hire designers uh, or you know,
we'll just edit everything into Adobe or
we'll use Higgsfield to just AI pretty
much everything. Um, a lot of the times
we're using a mix of everything like one
video ad will have a couple UGC clips, a
couple made up videos in Higgsfield and
then like a couple clips that we already
have on file. That's really the thing.
It's like a lot of the ads we make now
are just Frankenstein ads.
Um, then we'll basically have our visual
creator upload everything into Frame.io
and then it's either going to be three
videos or three photos. It just comes
back down to what all the plans are.
Like this was clearly planned to be a
video cuz that's like the video script
that we want people to do. So, I'm not
going to upload a photo for that because
it was literally designed to be a
[__] video.
>> [laughter]
>> Um so here, we'll basically have uh body
body body is all the same. Um text hook
is the same, text hook is the same, text
hook is the same, but the only
difference for each one is the visual
hook. Yes, we do technically text hooks.
Um and that's with every new ad idea we
put in the account, we are technically
testing a new text hook. So, all of
these videos same lift, same body, the
only difference is all three have a
different visual hook. You can see this
visual hook is different for each one,
but the text hook is exactly the same.
Uh and they all start off the same, just
different visual hook. So, those are the
three videos. Uh for photos, same thing
happens here. Um
all three photos, uh text hook stays the
same, just a different background on all
three, and you guys can clearly see that
in the bottom. So, this is the creative
creation process. Now, after this is
created, uh basically uh our creative
strategist will review it and then
assign it to our media buyer here for
ready for launch. Now, this is where we
actually go into the ad account
structure here. Um this is the whole
process for that. So, here we look at
last 7 days, we we're, you know, running
one CBO campaign per business objective.
This brand has one product and they're
advertising in Canada and USA. Um we
just pretty much started those, you
know, started the campaign with those
two together. If we decide to branch out
other countries like Europe, for
example, we'll just run those in
separate campaigns. We did test Europe
for a little bit, just didn't really see
any success. And we did test uh bitcaps
for a little bit, but we don't use those
anymore cuz it just didn't work, as you
can see right here.
Um so yeah, so we have our CBO campaign.
We create a new ad set per ad idea.
Y'all can see right there the numbers
that y'all saw earlier right here. So,
142, here's 142, and then the three
videos we essentially make, so you see
183, 183, 183. So, one ad idea right
here. And then, you know, you can see
right here, this is 187, 180, 178. So,
each of these are three videos or three
photos with one core ad idea. Um as you
all can see right here, we upload those
as three different ads. If you upload as
a flexible or dynamic creative or
whatever, there's nothing wrong with
that. Um I can't stand like people are
thinking that like oh, if I upload like
a flexible ad, it's going to be
different performance and stuff. Like it
doesn't [__] matter. Um so, yeah.
Don't do any of that. We just do new ad
sets for new creatives and, you know,
whether you put 10 ads in here, 50 ads
in there, doesn't matter. Just I like to
start off with three
uh for that ad idea.
>> [snorts]
>> Then, we upload the creative.
And then we upload um sometimes my media
buyers will upload two primary text.
Sometimes I'll just use the original
winning and doesn't really matter on
that side. Just as long as we have
something, you know,
staying consistent. Now, from here, um
this is obviously just like an overall
view of matter construction, one CBO per
business goal. If we're going to do a
new country expansion, we'll do um you
know, new CBO campaign or like a new
category launch. Um we do one ad ad idea
per new ad set. Uh if we're going to let
it run for 7 days, after 7 days we'll
leave one if no negative impact on
performance. We'll record creative
learnings in our Google sheet and then
we'll update Asana and I'll just show
you that in a second here. So, um
basically, uh here's my media buyer. We
had this date right here is when we're
going to change it from launch and
testing to record learnings. Uh this is
basically where they're going to go
inside of our Google sheet and mark it
as successful or unsuccessful. Um and
then we'll have um you know, those
learnings right there. And then, you
know, just to like reiterate, like
pretty much everything we do is just
basically letting things take spin in
that CBO campaign. So, we launched this
on March 27th, March 27th. You can see
right here we had a $56 cost per
purchase, $3,900 spent that day.
Uh March 28th, day later,
um it took overall spin, boom, boom, and
you can see cost per purchase were way
lower. And then from here, you can see
again overall $56. And then, um you
know, the day after, right there, uh
$33. So, it took overall spin, improved
overall performance. Just one more,
March 27th, you can see revenue, overall
profit. And then the day after, uh
revenue, overall profit right there.
Consistently improving things. And then
here from here, we'll just bump budget
by 20% a day as long as we're uh below
that KPI, which for this client, they
love to be below a $50 in CPA. So, you
can see right there what happened. Boom.
Uh so, we start scaling up budget by 20%
and as simple as that. So, that's all we
do right there. Um as far as ads, like
why don't they get spin? Well, people
don't resonate with the new creatives.
You're targeting too small of a demo.
Your ads are boring. You're creating ads
that are not better than your top
spender. Creating lower funnel ads when
you need to create top funnel ads.
You're not spiking emotion. You keep
doing the same thing over and over.
That's like the things I consistently
keep seeing over and over. Um and then
uh ads that do get spin resonate with a
large group of people. They spike
dopamine with the people. Very simple on
that side. Now, what if my ad gets a lot
of spin but bad cost per acquisition? If
bad cost per link click, then it's a
creative issue. If good cost per link
click, then it's a landing page issue.
So, example with this particular client
right here, um they had a high cost per
purchase, but also too, they had a
really high CPM. Um really bad cost per
link click. So, all we did with there is
we changed the creative out. They were
going after AI UGC. We started doing
some native ads. We got cost per link
click a lot lower, but CPA was pretty
high still. So, then we changed um same
creative style. Uh you can see right
there, we just relaunched it but with a
new landing page and And dropped cost
per purchase down to $30 right there. Uh
just with a different landing page to
improve things. So, um that's why we
have the whole landing page division.
Now, going back here, uh basically after
creative strategist um or my media buyer
records the learnings, then my um
essentially my uh creative strategist
will now go and do the creative
learnings here. This is the most
important part of the whole process.
This is how we continue to learn from
our uh past ads, which continues to
expand our knowledge um as you can see
right here. It expands our knowledge on
that particular product and like what's
working and like optimizing our brain.
Uh almost like the algorithm optimizing
itself to uh keep getting better on the
ads um on that side. So, and then
basically we're looking at what went
right, what went wrong, what can be
improved. And we review every creative
and that's how we go from small brain to
big brain um when we're working with a
client. That's why it takes time as
we're working with a client for us to
fully understand everything, constantly
start getting a feel of what works, what
doesn't, and we can constantly improve
um the ads we're making on that side.
So, uh again, that's the full creative
system that we use for all of our
clients. Goes from idea, creative
creation, ad account structure,
learnings, and then back. And we just
keep doing that over and over and over
for our clients. Um and then obviously
for me, like I said, I'm leading the
overall strategy. So, like this is why I
do one-on-one calls with my creative
strategist, my media buyers, um and
basically everyone working with that
client so we can constantly keep making
sure we're going in the right direction.
So, um but yeah, that's my full process
for scaling Facebook ad clients in 2026.
Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit
the like button and I subscribe button
for new videos every Monday, Wednesday,
and Friday. If you want me to go and
basically deploy this whole system for
your business and you only need at least
100K a month and fit some of those
perfect client traits we talked about
earlier in this video, then click the
link below to have Nick Terrel run your
ads. Now, um maybe you're not doing 100K
a month or maybe you are doing more than
100K a month, but both of you guys
simply just don't want me to run your
ads. You just want my feedback on your
creatives, your ad account, and what I
do in your particular situation. In that
particular case, then click link below
to have Nick Teremets review or we'll
review your creatives, review your ad
account, um and and give you feedback of
what I'd be doing in your situation. So,
uh thank you for watching. We have a
time of good rest of your day. Peace
out.